1. Some pros of Agile Development are that constant value add to the customer (in non-agile customer only sees end product not steps along the way) and that agile is more resilient to scope changes in the project. One con of Agile Development are that it emphasizes delivering working software at multiple phases in a project, overlooking documentation that may be important for future maintenance when new members may likely join the team or if the team grows. Another con of Agile Development is that it is unpredictable in terms of budgeting cost and timelines because of a heavy focus on an iterative approach and changing in customer's scope and requirements.
2. The role and responsibilities of Scrum Master is to manage all Scrum (an implementation of Agile) related tasks for a team like JIRA tooling, facilitiating sprints, meetings, and standups. The role and responsibilities of a Product Owner is to set direction for the team by handling release management and stakeholder management. The difference between the two roles is that the Scrum Master focuses more on the how of a project by organizing parts of the sprint and ensuring that deliverables are organized appropriately in 2-3 week sprints while the Product Owner focuses more on the what of a project by working with customer (the stakeholder) and providing the team with a general direction for the project.
3. The three types of meetings that happen during a Sprint Cycle are Sprint Planning Meeting, Daily Scrum/Standup Meeting, and Sprint Retrospective Meeting. During a Sprint Planning Meeting stories are moved to the current sprint scope from the backlog and story points are assigned and these stories are then assigned to the team. During a Daily Scrum/Standup Meeting team members discuss work completed, their work for the day, and any blockers they may be facing. Daily Scrum/Standup Meetings are usually 10 minutes long and are short meetings that happen every day of the sprint. Finally, during a Sprint Retrospective Meeting completed work is discussed and incomplete work is moved to the backlog. Sprint Retrospective meetings happen at the end of the sprint and are designed to close a sprint.
4. The Epic issue type on JIRA is for capturing a large body of work that can be broken down into several smaller stories. A Story issue type in JIRA is a unit of work that can be tracked through a workflow which can range from a bug (smallest unit of work) to an epic (largest unit of work). A Bug issue type in JIRA is a problem which impairs or prevents the functions of a product. A Task issue type represents work that needs to be done. The organization of these issue types is a big Epic under which Stories, Tasks, and Bugs fall under.
